Hey, no, nothing strange
about it at all.
I always travel 6000 miles
to visit casual acquaintances.
You can't be jealous.
No, I'm not. You told me
nothing happened between you
and Allison last summer.
I believe you. The fact that she's coming all the
way from England doesn't mean anything anyway.
Julia, she's coming to
check out Berkeley.
- That's it. - Yeah, I know, and
maybe she'll get accepted.
And maybe she'll
live across the bay.
Wouldn't that just be ducky?
Right, right.
We're putting her up
as a favor to her dad.
That's the whole story.
Anyways, Allie is not somebody...
So now it's "Allie"? Allie.
That's cute.
You call her Allie?
Thurber food.
I need a new name for myself.
You know, a hip name.
I mean, does "Sarah Reeves" sound like
the lead singer in a hot band? No.
You need something along the
lines of "Courtney Love."
Exactly.
Yeah. Like... Like
Felicia Luscious.
Ha! Yeah.
No.
No. No.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for bothering you. Are
you Shirley Kaplan's daughter?
Who?
Wow, I guess not.
You just look like this woman
who's in the PTA with me.
And your voice too.
Well, I'm sorry. My mistake.
Wait a minute. What did
you say her name was?
Oh, no, nothing. Never mind.
Shut up, Claud.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ Everybody wants to live ♪
♪ Like they wanna live ♪
♪ And everybody wants to love ♪
♪ Like they wanna love ♪
♪ Everybody wants to be ♪
♪ Closer to free ♪
You just crept in
under the deadline
for our next session, Mr.
Salinger.
Oh, yes! Thank God.
That's great.
That's, uh... That's great,
'cause I kinda missed the deadline
at most of these other schools.
My fiancee was taking care
of the applications and...
Anyway,
I've got a nanny who
wants his mornings,
so unless I get Owen
into a preschool...
Into your terrific preschool...
And what was it that attracted
you to our program?
Um... a lot of things.
There was, uh...
There was no one thing.
That's the big thing.
A lot of places, there's
just one thing,
and here, it was, um...
It was a mixture
of... Of everything.
When can he start?
Well,
we require the child
to come in and meet
with us first.
Okay, sure.
Uh, we can schedule that for
the day after tomorrow.
And one more thing.
We do require all our children
to be completely potty-trained
before they begin.
Uh, no problem.
That's... That's not a problem.
That's not a problem at all.
He practically poops on demand.
Uh, can we make that
appointment late in the day?
I'm serious about the
bibliographies, guys.
See you Friday.
I didn't understand
a single word
after "Please turn to page 357."
I warned you. This is
pretty dry stuff, Claud.
You should have picked somebody
more interesting to follow around.
No.
The assignment was
"someone with a
profession you respect,"
and that's you, so...
Can I ask you a few basics?
Shoot.
Did you always wanna teach?
Yes.
"Yes."
Okay.
Do you think it's okay
to date your students?
What?
No, of course not.
'Cause the blond guy
with the chin fuzz
who was sitting in first row,
he is definitely
in love with you.
He didn't take a
note the whole time.
Okay, that's it.
No more questions.
I'm buying you an ice cream.
Hey.
Michael, hi.
Hey, I just wanted to see. We're
still on for dinner, right?
Right. Yes.
Um, Michael,
this is Claudia.
Hi, there. Listen,
I'm really sorry.
I'm late for this
5:00 with Olsen.
I'll call you later, okay?
Great. Thanks.
Okay. Your interview at
Berkeley's on Friday, right?
- Right.
- All right.
Well, that still leaves us,
like, three days to do stuff.
Super.
Don't you love the way she says that?
"Super."
Mm.
Um...
Okay.
A, we could jump in
the car, head north,
go to Muir Woods, Napa...
Stuff like that.
B, we could just hang out here.
B. Definitely B.
Stay here.
Okay, uh...
Okay, so you just
wanna stay here?
I hate it when you do that.
What?
Do you know what
I'm talking about?
Oh, my God, yeah. He
does it all the time.
What?
You decide. "It's completely up to you.
Whatever you want. I'm easy."
"Oh. Oh, you want to do that."
It drives me nuts.
Nuts.
Oh, my God. You do not eat that!
Yeah, we do.
But, you can't enjoy, I mean,
you can't enjoy eating kidneys?
- And blood sausage.
- Oh, G...
You know what, it's delicious.
I swear to God.
I'll send you the recipes
- when I send you that list of CDs.
- Okay, great.
You know, you haven't
compared feminine protection
in your two countries yet.
That is so insulting.
Yeah, well...
I wouldn't mind another one,
you know, if you don't mind.
Yep, that's what I'm here for.
You too?
- Super.
Super.
You know, any time you wanna
move on to the next stanza,
I'd be totally supportive.
God. She really does look
like your mom, doesn't she?
Who?
Oh, you mean Julia?
Look at that. I mean,
same face, same smile.
Yeah.
People were always saying.
Did you look like your dad?
No, not really.
Charlie.
He got his eyes and his chin.
But you probably got something.
You must have gotten
something from him.
I can throw a mean
breaking ball.
So could he.
And Joe once pointed
out this thing.
I'm kind of, uh...
I don't know, a toucher.
He used to do that:
touch people whenever
he talked to them.
Do I do that?
Wow. Maybe I can
sing because of her.
I mean, do you think Claudia's
good at music, you know,
because your mom was?
I guess so, yeah.
Maybe I have something of hers,
and I just don't know it yet.
Sarah.
Do you wanna look for her?
Bailey, maybe she's waiting
for me to find her.
I mean, maybe she's been waiting
all this time, you know?
You know, and she'll see me,
and she'll take my hand.
And it'll look just like hers.
Yes.
- You're mad.
- No, I am not mad.
Yes, you are.
God, I can't even believe
you're mad at me.
Not at you, Sarah.
Not at you, honey.
I was going to be the
picture of composure
when this happened.
I just wanna meet
her, that's all.
So that I don't pass
her on the street
or stand next to her
in a movie line
and not know.
'Cause maybe we look
alike, you know?
You know. Or sound alike
or laugh at the same things.
And maybe when I see her,
I'll know what I'm gonna
grow up to be like.
Do you understand?
I mean, did you really think
that I would never wanna know?
I'd hoped.
I'd hoped it wouldn't
matter to you.
It's not gonna
change anything...
between us.
It won't.
Here...
is her name.
She lives in the city. Um...
At least, she did 16 years ago.
Now I don't know.
I love you, Mom.
What if you love her too?
Can't you just hope that I will?
Please.
Owen, listen to me.
Listen to me.
What?
It's 4:00,
and I've already changed
your diaper five times now.
We've got to start making
some progress, all right?
This is what I'm prepared to do.
Every time you poop,
you get your choice of
these valuable prizes.
Okay?
Okay.
I thought you said
there wasn't anyone.
What?
Well, you said that...
I said there wasn't
anyone special, Claudia.
Oh.
Sure. I-I get it.
Right, he's just a friend.
You-you kiss everyone like that.
Claudia, do... do you
want me to sit at home
and just be unhappy?
Well, it's just kind of fast.
I mean, I thought it would
take a little longer to...
you know...
move on.
Are you seeing him
again tonight?
Claudia...
Are you, like...
you know...
sleeping with him?
Claudia, cut it out.
You are 12 years old,
and this is just...
Okay, look, the
conversation's over.
We're not talking
about this anymore.
Owen, look. See?
I'm sitting here on
my very own potty,
and I'm making poopie,
and I'm making pee-pee, see?
And I'm... and I'm
very happy, see?
See? I'm smiling. Look.
And I'm very happy.
And my whole family's
gonna be so proud,
and...
Where you going?
Get back here! Owen! Owen!
I'm talking to you!
What?
All right, a dollar is
six-tenths of a pound, right?
So to figure out how
much this will cost me,
I have to divide by...
Hey, don't look at me.
I still don't know what
eight times seven is.
Hey, what do you guys think?
Okay.
I can't take you two anywhere.
He has awful taste.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well, you know, not
in everything.
Not in girls.
You know, I didn't think
I was gonna like you.
You didn't?
Uh-uh.
Well, the stories Justin told me
about you guys hanging
out last summer.
I don't know. You just sounded so...
So...
What? Just say it.
Stuck-up? Uptight? Nerdy?
Like me.
You just sounded
so much like me.
Do you know what?
I think this would look
really lovely on you.
Hmm. Is it expensive?
I, uh...
I have absolutely no idea.
Claudia!
Man, that was fast.
What is it? What's going on?
- Kirsten.
- Is he okay?
Is who okay?
Owen! Owen!
Owen is fine. Why
would you think...
Claudia said he'd
been in an accident!
What?
Claudia!
I did not.
Well, I said he'd
had an accident,
and he did,
sort of.
Well, a poop kind of accident.
What?
God, Claudia, I thought
he got hit by a car,
or swallowed a safety
pin or something!
I dropped everything. I
stood up a dinner date,
I ran three red lights
just to get here,
all because Owen isn't
pooping in his potty?
You had a dinner date?
Some professor guy.
That is not the point.
The point is...
The point is you're here.
So maybe you could give
Charlie some advice
on getting Owen toilet-trained.
Hey, Claud, Kirsten
really doesn't need to...
I'm sorry about all this.
I swear I had no idea
that she called.
I'm sure you didn't.
Look, I know what
you're doing, Claudia.
I'm not doing anything.
Yeah, you are. You're
playing games here.
Now, if you wanted
to talk about this...
Oh, sure. Now you wanna talk.
You didn't yesterday.
Because, you were asking things
you had no right to know.
I'm telling you, Claudia, the way to
deal with me having a personal life
is not by trying to ruin it.
You got that?
Ruth... Nope. No Robin.
That does it for Walnut Creek.
Do you have the Palo
Alto book over there?
Sarah?
I found her.
"Robin Merrin, 6756 Maguire."
Berkeley.
Wow, so that's her.
Are you gonna call?
Uh-huh, maybe she just
got home from work
and she's tired and
in a bad mood.
Or maybe she's just
put her kids to bed,
and she's watching
some bad rerun on TV,
wishing the phone would ring.
You think she has kids?
No.
I don't know. I don't know.
Maybe.
I don't know why I said that.
No, maybe she does.
I mean, she could.
You know, maybe she has
this incredible life
that's exactly the
way she wants it,
and the last thing she needs is
me showing up on her doorstep.
Or maybe she's waited 16 years
for you to find her, Sarah.
Yeah. That's what she
says in my head.
She smiles, and she
holds out her arms,
and she says, "At last.
At last."
But what if I say,
"I'm your daughter,"
and then there's this pause,
you know, a long, awful pause.
And then her voice gets
all cold and tight,
and she says, "Oh, yeah?
So what?"
I mean, what do I do if
that happens, Bailey?
You're her daughter, Sarah.
She didn't want me then.
Why would she want me now?
Well...
Okay, so I know her name,
and I know where she lives,
and I can find her any
time I want if I want.
But not now.
Now it's just enough to know.
So I'm gonna stop right there.
God, is he ever
pissed off at us.
Hey, he could have stayed.
No one kicked him out.
Besides, if he wants
to be a party-pooper
and go home early...
It's his loss.
Exactly.
Who needs men, anyways?
Right.
God, I should never
have bought this.
It-it-it looks awful.
No. Wait.
You've just gotta... Hang on.
You've gotta tie it
and scrunch it up a little.
There. You look beautiful.
Thanks.
I think you're very
beautiful too.
What?
I said, I think you're
very beautiful.
Thanks.
Julia...
Do you...
Do you ever think about girls?
What?
About being with a girl?
I mean, does that make
you sick or something?
Because I think about you.
Allie, I don't...
Oh, God. Forget it.
Why would you think...?
Just forget I said
anything, okay, please?
I don't even know
why I thought...
I didn't mean it.
I'm gonna go. Um...
Please, please,
don't tell anyone.
I'm sorry.
He did very nicely
with our blocks
and our sand toys
and our circle time.
I think he's made a whole
bunch of new friends.
He's a pretty easygoing kid.
Good.
Good. Uh, well, we're
about to have snack time.
Owen, would you like
to have some cookies
and a big, big cup of juice?
No!
I mean, uh...
He had plenty to drink
before he came.
He doesn't need any
more to drink.
He'd just float away.
Okay.
Um, look, we've gotta go.
We... We should go.
Oh, okay.
Do you have any questions?
Um...
No.
No, no. No questions.
Um...
I have a check, a deposit check,
and that will reserve Owen's
spot in the class, right?
Mm-hm.
Uh, Do you... do you
mind grabbing it?
What?
Oh. Hi, um... I don't know
if this is the right number.
I'm... I'm trying to
reach Robin Merrin.
What are you doing?
I'm gonna let you
two sit together.
Oh, well, it's okay.
Oh, come on. I know you two.
You're gonna be gabbing
through the whole thing.
No. Look, Justin, just
sit in the middle.
No way am I gonna let
you ruin the movie
by talking over me.
Come on. What's the big deal?
Anybody want popcorn?
- I'll get it.
- No. No. It's okay. I'll go.
You always get the butter-salt
ratio wrong, anyway.
- Look, Julia, I...
- Forget it.
I don't-I don't wanna
talk about it.
- Can't-can't we just...
- No!
Okay? No.
It's cold in here.
Mm-hm.
You know what you've done?
Do you?
Do you know how hard
this has made things for me?
I've gotta give up my mornings
to stay home with you.
I gotta hire someone else at
the restaurant to open up.
What's this?
Is this a house?
Yeah.
A house. Really?
Doesn't look much
like a house, pal.
You know why it doesn't?
Owen, do you know why?
What do houses have?
What's that?
Windows. Houses have
windows, don't they?
Yeah.
Can you draw me a window here?
Owen?
I want you to... Hey!
I need you to draw me a window.
Owen? What...
Damn it!
Own, do you know how hard it
is to get that stuff off?
You don't crayon on furniture!
How many times have
I told you that?
Why can't you listen? Why can't you for
once in your life do what you're told?
He's just a baby, Charlie.
And... action!
My Billy can't keep a secret.
Ketchup from the French fries
I told him he couldn't have.
Slide into third base
when he promised me
he'd be coming straight
home from school.
And here, a chocolate
snuck he snacked before...
I'm sorry.
- That's a cut!
- Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Snack he snuck. Snack he snuck.
I don't even know why
I keep saying that.
Yeah, look, uh, let's
take a break, shall we?
Back in 10, people.
Okay, thanks.
Snack he snuck. Snack he snuck.
Damn it.
Excuse me.
That's Robin there?
Thanks.
We're back.
Uh, hello?
Hi. I'm sorry, I...
Oh, my God, you're
not Billy, are you?
- What? No.
- Oh!
Thank God.
I told my agent eight
years old tops.
You never know what they're gonna
spring on you at the last minute.
yes?
Um...
I know this is gonna
sound really weird.
I tried to reach you at
home, and I spoke to...
You called my home? Why is that?
I'm sorry. Do I know you?
Do we know each other?
My name is Bailey Salinger,
and I'm...
I'm a friend of your daughter's.
I'm sorry, you have
the wrong person.
I don't have a daughter.
But you did.
Sixteen years ago you did.
Sweetheart, can we see you
on your mark, please?
Charlie really yelled
at Owen today.
I mean, I know I
kind of exaggerated
about what was going on before,
but now it's really bad.
Tell you what, Claud,
I'll correct your
spelling for you, okay?
That's it. No rewriting.
"Psychology" is C-H-O.
Can you hear me?
I said he was screaming at him.
What do you want me to say?
The two of them are going
through a rough time right now.
I'm sorry, but that happens.
Look, I'm not playing games.
And I'm not trying to make
trouble for you and that guy.
It's just...
Like, you could help
if you were there.
But I'm not there, Claudia.
I can't be there.
Oh, gee. My mistake.
I thought you cared.
Hey, I do care! I care a lot.
The truth is, I care too much.
So what I am trying to do...
What I am trying to do every
day is to care a little less,
but you're not helping, Claudia.
You're not making it any easier.
You drop these things like...
Like crumbs,
like breadcrumbs.
And I know if I follow them,
they're gonna lead me
straight back to your house
and to your family
and to you brother.
So I am asking you, I am
begging you, Claudia,
please, don't tell me,
because I really, really
don't wanna know.
I guess you've probably
thought a lot about this,
you know, over the years,
that she might come looking
for you one of these days.
Um...
No, not really.
Almost not at all.
I guess she wants to know
why I left her, right?
She wants an explanation.
Wants to blame me.
I don't think so.
She's not a very angry person.
Really, she just...
She just wants to know
who she is, you know?
And, and...
And that you love her.
That I... love her?
I-I don't... Look.
Why would I love her? I
don't even know her.
Okay, okay, not yet, but
when you meet her...
Look. No, no. This is...
This is not...
I don't know what you thought
I was gonna do here.
I gave her up,
I gave her away,
and it wasn't some kind
of noble thing, okay?
My career was just taking off.
I was on tour, and having
a kid just didn't fit in.
It was lousy timing.
You can say whatever
else you want about me,
but at least I know
my limitations.
And I don't look back,
and I don't regret it.
So I'm sorry if
this little girl...
Here. Look at this. I
have this picture.
No, I don't want to
look at pictures.
Here, it was just
taken five days ago.
Would you please...
Stop it! I don't wanna
see your damn pictures.
I don't want a
16-year-old daughter.
And you have no right
to come in here
with your stupid pictures
and make me feel like... Like...
Listen.
I did the best thing
I could for her.
I gave her better
parents than me.
Well, what am I
supposed to tell her?
You tell her that you
stuck your nose in
where it doesn't belong.
Just tell her to forget it.
Tell her I'm dead, if
that makes it any easier.
Yeah.
That'll make it much easier.
Whoo!
Hey, it's weird, huh, her
wanting to come here.
What?
I mean, she always said that
she hated this kind of scene,
and then out of the blue
she wants to go clubbing.
What?
I can't hear you. I
can't even hear me!
All right. Come on.
Oh, hey, you guys!
Guess what?
Phil here had his nose
pierced in Liverpool.
No kidding. Imagine that.
I mean, I let it close up.
My mom has really
high blood pressure.
Isn't he cute?
You're cute.
Well, then, I guess
it's unanimous.
Wanna take me home?
Let's get out of here.
Lead the way.
You're not really going
with him, are you?
Allison...
Allison, come on. This
is not a good idea.
How much have you had to drink?
Allison!
What the hell is wrong
with you all of a sudden?
Come on, Allie. You don't
even know this guy.
I'm gonna get to know
him, right, Phil?
Actually it's Gil. Gil.
You know, like fish.
Don't do this.
Don't do this. Please,
don't do this.
Hey, hey, why don't we all go
get some coffee, all right?
Buzz off, pal.
What are you trying to prove?
Are you doing this to
spite me, is that it?
- Shut up, Julia, okay?
- Hey!
Why don't you just lay the hell off.
All right?
Listen, Phil, Gil...
whatever your name is,
she's not interested in you.
Oh, really?
Well, you could have fooled me.
Right, honey?
She doesn't wanna go with you.
What makes you so damn sure?
Look, she's not
interested in boys, okay?
Allie!
Allie?
Get away from me.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, well,
it's done.
You said it, okay?
You said it and, and,
and now it's out there,
and I can't take it
back, and people know.
So what? So what if people know?
Oh, right! Like
you don't get it.
Like it doesn't make you sick!
- Allie...
- But it's okay,
because I have the
same problem, see?
What?
Why...
Why do I have to feel this way?
Why can't I force myself
to talk about boys
and wanna be with boys and...
Why would you do that?
Because it's hard, okay?
And I don't wanna be different,
and I don't want anyone to look
at me the way you looked at me,
and my mother and my father...
I can't. I just can't. Not ever.
I'm sorry.
Why?
It was my mistake,
and you can't feel anything
you don't feel, right?
I mean, I'm living
proof of that.
I just...
I feel so completely alone.
And I want someone,
you or someone,
to say it's okay,
to say I'm okay.
Just to say, "I love you too."
God.
Morning, Claud.
What are you doing?
Sitting.
How come?
I was just thinking.
Wondering, actually, why none
of my stuff is up there.
They're all yours. Yours
and Bay's and Julia's.
Your hand prints, your collages,
all these dopey paintings.
There's nothing of mine.
Why do you think that is?
Beats me.
Maybe Mom and Dad didn't get
the idea to frame stuff
until you were already big.
I drew a picture of
a skyscraper once.
I brought it in to
show it to Dad.
He looked at it, and he
kind of sat me on his lap.
I remember thinking that
he was gonna hug me,
but instead he just
started going on
about proportions:
how it needed to be
wider at the base,
how a building that
tall and narrow
would just fall right over.
God, I hated that...
His...
Um...
His insane expectations.
And now, all of a
sudden it turns out...
I've got 'em too.
I'm making the same mistakes,
his mistakes.
Go figure, huh?
That's so weird.
I mean, he was never
like that with me.
Hmm.
Maybe that's the way it happens
with firstborns.
I guess by the time the
other kids come along,
the parents have learned
not to push so hard.
Owen...
He's Dad's last, but...
he's kind of my first, you know?
So I was thinking...
I was thinking I should
clear a space for this
so that he knows...
it didn't need windows.
Claud!
Don't be mad.
Are you mad?
Well, no, but...
I wanted to tell you something.
Only it's not about you-know-who
or anything that's
happening at home.
Actually, that's pretty okay.
I mean, the Owen situation.
It's pretty okay.
But I know you don't
wanna know about that,
and that's not why I'm here.
Ta-da! I got an A.
Hey, Claud, that's great.
I know. Isn't it?
So maybe we can, like,
go out and celebrate.
Ice cream's on me this time.
Claudia, I can't.
I'm-I'm meeting Michael.
Okay.
I mean, I understand.
Hey, Kirsten,
Daddy said maybe you'd go
with us to the Exploratorium.
I'm so sorry, Kirs.
Marjorie called.
She got stuck in court, so
I had to pick up Frannie.
- Hey.
One of these days, she and I are
gonna work all this out, right?
Who are you?
Who's she?
Claudia...
Claudia, come back here.
So much for saving time
on surface streets, huh?
You're not mad at me for
taking you, are you?
The airport's kind of on my way.
It's fine.
I was thinking about
you going to Berkeley,
and I know it's none
of my business,
but I don't think you should.
Really?
Well, gee, thanks.
No. I don't mean that
the way it sounds.
It's just... I've been
trying to figure out
why you would travel 5000
miles to go to school,
you know?
Or why you would be
interested in me.
Forget it, Julia, okay, please?
And what I figured out
is it's actually
because I'm far away
and Berkeley's far away
from anyone you know.
We're kind of safe that way.
Listen, I know it's
easy for me to say,
but I don't think you
should run away, Allie.
It looks like it's just that
traffic signal up ahead.
I bet it'll be pretty
clear sailing after that.
Yeah.
You didn't...
Why didn't you return my calls?
I guess I didn't
wanna talk to you.
Claudia, this is
hard for me too.
Are you trying to
replace all of us?
Is that what you're doing
with that little girl?
Are you trying to replace me?
No.
I don't believe you.
Claudia, I can't replace
you or Charlie or Owen.
It's not possible.
But I gotta try to move on.
I'm gonna try to find
somebody who loves me.
Even if it's not this man,
then somebody else.
And if he has children, Claudia,
then so much the better.
Listen, you are gonna
have new people
in your life too.
And I'm gonna have
to live with that.
Like...
Okay, like when Charlie
marries someone else.
Aren't you gonna love her?
No.
Claudia, I...
I-I don't know what
to do about us.
If I don't get away from
this house and your brother
and all these things that
aren't mine anymore...
I get it.
You can stop now.
Claudia...
I am always gonna
be here for you,
and if you ever really need me,
you just pick up the
phone and you call me,
and I promise you I
will be there for you.
Okay?
Okay, Claudia?
Are we kind of breaking up?
Is that what we're doing?
Bailey?
Damn it, they screwed up
the stupid order again.
Look at this.
This is not kung pao chicken.
This is...
This is pretty good, actually.
Never mind.
You know how sometimes
phone numbers can
have letters in them?
You mean like 1-900-HOOTERS?
So I watch some late-night TV.
Do we need plates for this?
We don't need plates, do we? No.
So I took a look at
her phone number.
My mother's. You
know, just for fun.
And guess what the last
four digits spelled.
Sara.
7-2-7-2-SARA.
Well, you spell your
name with an H.
But it's almost the same thing.
I man, it's enough of the
same thing to mean something,
don't you think?
I don't know.
I think
maybe you want it to mean
something that it doesn't.
I went through one of those
revolving doors yesterday,
you know, the ones in Macy's,
and there was this
woman in front of me
who was reflected in the glass,
and she had my eyes and
my nose and my dark hair,
and my heart stopped
for a second,
because I thought...
Only it was me.
My reflection.
I had to sit in hosiery
for, like, 10 minutes
just to catch my breath.
It's funny. I'm looking for
her even when I'm not.
So I think maybe I
should call her.
You know, I should
stop being afraid
and just do it.
She's not your mother, Sarah.
The woman in the phone book.
She's not.
What? Why would you say that?
Because...
Look, please don't be mad,
but I called her,
and I went to see her for you.
You did? You saw her?
I just thought that if
it was her, then...
Only, see, Robin Merrin:
That's not her real name.
She had this really
horrible name,
so she changed it, like, 10
years ago to Robin Merrin.
So...
So Robin Merrin isn't even who
she really is, this woman.
And she never gave a
child up for adoption.
She never even had a child.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Uh-huh.
Are you mad?
Mad, at you? No.
No. In fact, thank you. God...
That would have been awful
if I would have gotten my
hopes up and everything.
You know what, the food's
probably getting cold,
so we should...
Hey.
I know I promised
I'd never do this.
What the hell?
As long as you don't
fidget too much.
Oh, wait.
Accidents can happen, right?
It's kind of nice, huh?
We'll leave that
light on tonight.
Sleep well.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org